  okay, i'm, i prickly go know what i'm. i'm twenty one years old and i don't have any killed him down. he film though. but my baby, that and the and i think about having never heard that will have a queue. well, i have three children and i'm you could have been kind to take here over the year. i think actually the hard time to find good day care if when your baby very you, oh really, because they can't tell you what's going on, the working through the head with when i was working, when my own all the help of a baby and i thought, and agatha you for lady next door to me in a, with close by, with convenient, and how it came home clean and what have you. but i discovered that her way of handling conflict between little kid when they started crawling and the very different from what i wanted, my son. he always interfered and i'll pm that. when you have a on, you know you have a bunch of kids, need to make sure that they're all taking care of a new york. you can't let things ethical like he would deprive the environment lot of the kid notify and then to think that would pull the kid. oh, wow, and i, i, you know, and i didn't discover that until later on, and but with them i decided to quit working anywhere, but i had that, actually that the hardest time on good. they killed up to eighteen month old, maybe from click click month you can do that one, your baby third calling and the up a then until they were talking it i. i find that a hard time, hi, how the you tell it up. right now they're thousand and five and three hour though, but then one, three, muffled. you can often find good preschool kind of situation by think it's real important a cup, how you want social interaction handle and how the goldacre, the other, you know the other thing to check. they always tell you how can make her the deck, continuity of care, that your child gonna have somebody that they can make an attachment to take. where my, what the kind of thing have you? you have you heard you like a daycare center? where are you calling for the? like a daycare center for my youngest woman. when i went back to the cooler care and it was pulling, that was partially funded by the goal and it with l a y w e l it and they look pretty good. the big problem had there actually was that they they try to provide continuity of care but they kept changing the number people that were in the program. your people drop out of cornflake at the drop out of the program and that the on and though, and somebody would get thickening that fifteen people round from one room to the neck and that was really caught on my phone because he'd made a real thug attachment with one particular caregiver than that one cup which it out of his room that he, he adjusted to it pretty well but they out that with cop on human they. they did their best not to do that that in l they kept having oh because they were using, didn't provide the care and be cuddled the population and people who are using the care. they became much more of an issue. her in the you found that the most important issue, the continuity of care, who were in mean when you say that, the other words, they could have the same person taking care of. oh, i okay with a, the think they the same and a different people even, yeah, a daycare center or a hall or score on the had the philosophy as the how to deal with certain kind of situation. not every individual apply that philosophy in the same why i make them and though it like a kid, they have appealed to get you who how things are going to happen. for that they live in, they have a can't, they can start learning to predict a little that i know real little. one don't do very much predicting, but they could have a chance to say i yeah, okay, i'm gonna get their little gonna happen, a little gonna happen in of. i do the them. that gonna help you, that they have a way to be able to predict what's gonna happen to them. and if you keep changing the people were there than they have no nothing to hold on and at hard enough on little want to be away from the parent and then and killed and who had given different of handling it. one thing, i think that period who .